suggest to separate kubernetes and slurm examples (#381)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: 3.test_cases/16.pytorch-cpu-ddp/README.md

This example showcases CPU [PyTorch DDP](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/beginner/ddp_series_theory.html) environment setup utilizing these approaches for efficient environment management.

> We will provide guide for both Slurm and Kubernetes but the conda example is only compatible with Slurm. Proceed to the subdirectory `slurm` or `kubernetes`. 

Author: ```suggestion
 We will provide guides for both Slurm and Kubernetes. However, please note that the Conda example is only compatible with Slurm. For detailed instructions, proceed to the `slurm` or `kubernetes` subdirectory. ```

>  We will provide guides for both Slurm and Kubernetes. However, please note that the Conda example is only compatible with Slurm. For detailed instructions, proceed to the `slurm` or `kubernetes` subdirectory. ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We provide guides for both Slurm and Kubernetes. However, please note that the Conda example is only compatible with Slurm. For detailed instructions, proceed to the `slurm` or `kubernetes` subdirectory. ```
```
